Data Science Intern (2026 Start)
Mountain View, California; San Francisco, California
Apply now

(P-972)

At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the world's toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the world's best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.

As a Data Science Intern, you will join the Data team of data scientists and engineers to turn Databricks business and operations data into insights for product design, strategies for customer acquisition/retention, and optimizations to engineering system efficiency/stability/performance. The Data team also functions as an internal "customer" that dogfoods the Databricks platform and drives product improvements.

We are hiring for the Mountain View & San Francisco offices. We will discuss more with you as you move through the process!

The Impact You Will Have

Work with the Data team and internal stakeholders (Product, Customer Success, Engineering, Sales, Marketing and Finance) to use data to solve problems
Apply your expertise in data science methodologies such as causal inference modeling and recommender systems to real data to deliver insights and/or deploy algorithms to the Databricks platform
Manage your own project end-to-end from data exploration to presenting insights to stakeholders  and/or deployment an algorithm in a product environment
What We Look For

You will graduate in fall 2026 or spring 2027 with a Master's or PhD degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Physics, Economics, Operational Research or Engineering)
Proven ability to work with data in SQL and Python
Experience with multiple statistical data analysis and machine learning methods such as generalized linear regression, regression and classification trees, unsupervised learning methods, causal inference, stochastic processes, time series forecasting
You are excited to solve ambiguous problems with a collaborative team
Pay Range Transparency

Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipates utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.

SF Bay Area Hourly Rate
$54—$60 USD
About Databricks

Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.

Benefits

At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region, please visit https://www.mybenefitsnow.com/databricks. 


Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

Compliance

If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.